README.md, before:

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Requirements

Top 1/3 of page
You are in [COUNTRY]
Please enter an amount of money in your local
currency - [Input Field]

---

Middle 1/3 of page - local results
You could buy [#] of Big Macs in your country
Your Dollar Purchasing Parity (PPP) is [#]
This is a simple lookup to the table

---

Bottom 1/3 of page - Results compared to random
country
Random Country: [RANDOM COUNTRY]
You could buy [#] of Big Macs in [RAND COUNTRY]
with [INPUT]!
(calculation is (INPUT / local price) _ (local dollar
price / RAND COUNTRY dollar price)
Your [INPUT] is worth about [#] in [RAND COUNTRY]
(Calculation is [INPUT] _ (local dollar price / RAND
COUNTRY dollar price))

## Description

For the first requirement to find the ip address location, normally this could be obtained from the browswer request. However, a browser running on localhost wouldn't give a public IP to resolve. To solve this, the server uses the API at whatismyipaddress.com to send a query request.

Commit message:

update readme; css fixes for mobile; add function for converting numbers to local currency for user and random country

README.md, after:

## Getting Started

To start this app, run
`npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in the browser.

Note: The server started with `npm start` only serves the production build. If modifying front end files, run `npm build` to view them with the server. `npm dev` will run the development server for the client side app only.

## Testing

To run tests and monitor changed files, run `npm test`.
To run tests once and view coverage, run `npm coverage`.

## Project Requirements

Top 1/3 of page
You are in [COUNTRY]
Please enter an amount of money in your local
currency - [Input Field]

---

Middle 1/3 of page - local results
You could buy [#] of Big Macs in your country
Your Dollar Purchasing Parity (PPP) is [#]

---

Bottom 1/3 of page - Results compared to random
country
Random Country: [RANDOM COUNTRY]
You could buy [#] of Big Macs in [RAND COUNTRY]
with [INPUT]!
(calculation is (INPUT / local price) _ (local dollar
price / RAND COUNTRY dollar price)
Your [INPUT] is worth about [#] in [RAND COUNTRY]
(Calculation is [INPUT] _ (local dollar price / RAND
COUNTRY dollar price))

## Description

This application uses historical big mac prices to display information based on the user country and a random county.

For the first requirement to find the ip address location, normally this could be obtained from the browswer request. However, a browser running on localhost wouldn't give a public IP to resolve. In this app, the server uses the API at whatismyipaddress.com to send a query request.

The second requirement displays the amount of Big Mac's that could be purchased with the user entered amount in thier local currency. The third converts local currency to the currency of a random country and displays the amount of big macs that could be purchased at the "Big Mac exchange rate".

When the server starts, it will generate a json file with the Big Mac data. If running nodemon or something similar, be sure to exclude monitoring the src/server/json directory, or else the server will perpetually restart.
